Hello guys i'm irish your beloved instructor for this course in this course I will teach you how to
be an Amazon clone using non-jazz plus angler.
We will learn how to use these amazing technologies to build an amazing e-commerce platform like Amazon.
You heard it right.
Amazon.
Have you ever wondered to build your own e-commerce platform like Amazon but have no money or technical
skill to build yourself.
Rest assured I got you covered.
I'm building discoursed together with another awesome instructor Adam Petersen.
He will get you guys on the angler part while I'm going to get you guys on the No.
Part.
The reason why I decided to build this course is because a lot of students have been asking me how to
build an e-commerce platform like Amazon using Angola instead of the traditional Jake Query today is
your lucky day.
I rush will teach you how to build a complete Amazon clone together with Adam Peterson.
If you guys have any questions you can ask at my email as our Ishta at G.M. or com or Adam Petersen
work at Jamilla com.
We will answer all your questions no matter what.
So what are you guys waiting for.
Start now and learn how to build your own Amazon in the next video.
We will learn how to set up know Jess and install all the new quite dependencies.